Jocelyn Corrales: Hi, good evening. Hi. Lynn say
Jocelyn Corrales: Hi. Can you see me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Can you see me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Not yet. Can you turn on your video.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, I thought I did.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, now. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: How's your day.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay. How's yours.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's good, good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what we're going to do right now is we're going to discuss about your Heartland or your health emotions activities relationship or transformation. This is about
Jocelyn Corrales: Improving your quality of life. It is a work in progress that needs to be reviewed from time to time. So I'm going to check on you. Every 30 days.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or at least every 30 days to check on our plan. So what I'm going to do here right now is that we're going to just talk
Jocelyn Corrales: Just talk about your daily activities, what you do every day what works for you. What does not work for you and what what we could plan about it to make your life better, or to make
Jocelyn Corrales: Your day to day living better
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it is just more of
Jocelyn Corrales: This is just more of, you know, talking, talking, and then we you know we need our conversation. I'll be able to, you know, identify or determine what seems to be, or what's not working for you or what's what's not working for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, okay. So regards to your activities of daily living. So when we say activities of daily living. This involves like waking up early sleeping early and exercising taking a shower brushing your teeth eating on time able to, you know, do your basic needs like
Lyndsey Lorett: Me to tell you my basic schedule for the day.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: So,
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, I have a 15 month old son.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I'm living with my in laws.
Lyndsey Lorett: My husband passed away a year ago.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so they're I'm living with them. They help with the baby. And so I put him to sleep at night because I'm having a really hard time sleeping.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm just reliving finding him dead is is it's a struggle.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so then I sleep a little bit later, they get up around 630 or seven and I'm up usually between eight eight and 830
Lyndsey Lorett: I'll drink a cup of coffee.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's he's the happiest in the morning, my son, so we
Lyndsey Lorett: We play play because we're on quarantine. I can't take him anywhere.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, so we just do activities. I'd like to do a certain amount of music, a certain amount of number counting just continual stuff with him because he's learning
Lyndsey Lorett: And then I feed him lunch.
Lyndsey Lorett: In and then he'll take a nap.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then
Lyndsey Lorett: After he takes a nap. We usually eat dinner.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then play with him for another hour and then he takes his bath at seven and then we put him to bed at eight and then
Lyndsey Lorett: And then I go get in bed, but I don't go to sleep right away.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, what time do you usually sleep at night.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's, it's just very
Lyndsey Lorett: Good when she's my
Lyndsey Lorett: Therapist.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, we're working on ways of clearing my head and coming
Lyndsey Lorett: Just the distractions.
Jocelyn Corrales: Finding ways
Jocelyn Corrales: To
Lyndsey Lorett: cuz I'll be like, thinking that I'm going to sleep where I'm trying my eyes are closed and then I i'm still awake and I checked the phone and it's been like an hour and a half. And I'm still not asleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: So usually we that type of habit. Are you able to identify particularly. What time are you what usual range at night, they are you able to sleep.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it just, it varies. Every, every night.
Jocelyn Corrales: So would it be around after 12 or after 10 o'clock in the evening.
Lyndsey Lorett: And if I can clear my head quickly. It would be around like 11
Lyndsey Lorett: But if I was struggling, it can go all the way up to like two in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or yes at 11pm
Jocelyn Corrales: To 2am
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: In the morning, and if it
Lyndsey Lorett: I like sleeping. I've always liked sleeping. I can go to bed at seven edges, not having issues right now look
Jocelyn Corrales: When they
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleeping problem started when did you realize that it started.
Lyndsey Lorett: I would, I would say, I noticed dramatically. The, the first week after I lost my husband.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it started occurring after you lost your asthma.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and your son is a 15 month old, that means he's already four years, four years old and two months.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, he's a year and a house.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh 1515
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm so sorry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you for that. So it's a year and three months. Okay, sorry.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Found them in months and like like one or two but
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. I, I, so feel you. And also, that's also one of the, it's a good thing that he cooperates because he sleeps or any he does not wake up early in the morning.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know he's a good sleeper.
Jocelyn Corrales: She is. That's good.
Lyndsey Lorett: And now he's actually just a happy baby he doesn't get upset, very often.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um it. He's just a joy to be around. Whereas my first child.
Lyndsey Lorett: Studies harder. She was
Lyndsey Lorett: It was harder.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your baby is very cooperative with you. Yeah, he loves, He sleeps, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Children should our kids are babies. I still consider them babies babies at that age or toddlers at that age, usually wakes up in the morning also early in the morning, sometimes
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I mean stays where he wakes up.
Jocelyn Corrales: But that always
Jocelyn Corrales: Nouns in this. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear. Okay, we've talked about your daily life and you and your son. But what I want to know about you. How are you doing, like, are you able to take a shower yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to eat early
Lyndsey Lorett: Do you know about the. Are there any notes in there about my situation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I'm not. I usually don't open notes of the patients that only open my notes that they even care to patients, but for the regards to the notes from the therapies. I do not open it and I'm on a you know day we have two types of
Jocelyn Corrales: Note listing the other one is the
Jocelyn Corrales: That chart the carrier and the other one is another one. So I usually open the other one for recording
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: So when I was giving birth to my son.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Lyndsey Lorett: I had a C section.
Lyndsey Lorett: And a week after the C section, the whole thing split open
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh yeah, I had, I had a giant hole in there and they tried to put it with a wound vac for months.
Lyndsey Lorett: When our son was three months. That's when we lost my husband.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I couldn't live there anymore, so we
Lyndsey Lorett: Moved our stuff. And in the process, I developed a hernia. And now I have a hernia protruding out of the open wound
Lyndsey Lorett: And I battled
Lyndsey Lorett: All kinds of different infections.
Lyndsey Lorett: So, um, it's just such a long process to to shower changed the wound to get dressed.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you still have one
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I still have the wound.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because they put a ban on all elective surgeries.
Lyndsey Lorett: I finally had to negative test for mercy.
Jocelyn Corrales: So they were ready to
Lyndsey Lorett: Surgery and then the band it
Jocelyn Corrales: So, oh, because of the current situation right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Um, so it's you know it's been a long year and a half. I go through daily womb changes.
Uh huh.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so I tend to I have
Lyndsey Lorett: These wipes. These
Lyndsey Lorett: Medical white that I wake up every day with
Lyndsey Lorett: But as far as sharing. I usually just do it twice a week.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least here still caring about yourself. That's what I want to know about.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, of course. I don't like to smell. I don't want to smell.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's a good thing. That's your in laws are also very helpful to you.
Lyndsey Lorett: They are very helpful, but actually getting this. I've had to felt surgeries are ready with this.
Lyndsey Lorett: And being an, you know, a recovering addict. It's difficult.
Lyndsey Lorett: And being in a vulnerable place of losing my husband.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I never got a prescription outside of the hospital.
Lyndsey Lorett: Doing. I'm just taking every precaution to not go
Jocelyn Corrales: Go back there. Yes, I know. I know. And you're in Los are very supportive of it.
Lyndsey Lorett: They are supportive, but I, I believe you should not live with your in laws.
Lyndsey Lorett: Without your significant other.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's a whole different. It's like you're being thrown into a whole new family.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know,
Lyndsey Lorett: What made it work.
Jocelyn Corrales: But they're being good to you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Ah, we have our good days in our bad days.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh that's that's a typical of a family.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's tough.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's not always bad days it's it's a mixture of good and bad days.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so are you able to eat, eat, eat well eat on time.
Lyndsey Lorett: So because my intestines are outside of my body it. I have the most pain when I eat.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so I will drink a protein shake in the morning, and I'll wait until dinnertime to eat because it just causes so much pain that I can't do a whole lot of words processing through there. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I mean,
Lyndsey Lorett: I know that eating is so the protein is so important in the healing process.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just so it hurts. So it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: You know. Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're a doctor away.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your primary care doctor aware of your eating habits.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yet, yes, he knows
Jocelyn Corrales: The
Lyndsey Lorett: Protein drink in the morning is where a lot of the fruits and veggies come in. Um, and then the protein at night. It's not enough, he tells me you need to
Eat more
Jocelyn Corrales: I like
Lyndsey Lorett: Over 100 pounds in 15 months.
Lyndsey Lorett: Not on purpose.
I like to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that is because of your medical condition.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried eating at least maybe because you're just I've noticed you just, you're just eating twice a day, once in the morning in once at dinner, have we tried eating just a light meal in between or just you know your protein shake in the middle.
Lyndsey Lorett: In the middle or I tried yogurt or just, you know, little
Jocelyn Corrales: Fruits that
Lyndsey Lorett: No matter what I put in it digest and it just, it prevents me from doing normal things
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh. So usually it's in the during the process of digestion, that it is very painful.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. So even if you eat very light meal or very, like, for example, just in case to eat bread. It's still very painful.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, we can't even read
Lyndsey Lorett: Our potatoes better
Lyndsey Lorett: Sometimes at night with the protein. I'll have some bread or potatoes or rice.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried in between meals. Try eating just Bread Alone.
Jocelyn Corrales: Trying to avoid acidic.
Jocelyn Corrales: Food so bread or
Jocelyn Corrales: Potatoes, something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right.
A lot of
Lyndsey Lorett: Like nutrients. If I'm going to eat and it's gonna hurt. I got to put the right thing in
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, because protein are usually like for example, meet if you eat meat. It's usually
Jocelyn Corrales: See like you know in nature, but
Jocelyn Corrales: What about. Have you tried you know a little bit of rice and meat or it's still very painful. If you eat meat.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it doesn't it doesn't really matter.
Jocelyn Corrales: If you tried to take protein shake in between. Would it be better.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it's still, I still have the pain, not as bad as when I eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: A full me actual yeah
Lyndsey Lorett: So the protein shake helps um
Lyndsey Lorett: Get me through
Jocelyn Corrales: till dinner. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Helps you through today.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and you didn't feel hungry in between or you're just you see
Lyndsey Lorett: Ya know, I'm hungry. But it's you wait the option to do I want to eat turkey sandwich and
Jocelyn Corrales: For
Lyndsey Lorett: The next two hours or
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I know how you feel.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's sometimes very difficult. You know, there are things that you would like to eat their stuff you want to eat very badly. But because of the medical condition you're unable to
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could try doing
Jocelyn Corrales: A little bit of shape in the middle. Just try instead of eating a because you've mentioned it's when you're taking shake it's better than eating a meal so I try taking the shake in the middle, are you currently working
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I can't live
Lyndsey Lorett: Like, I'm not even supposed to lift my son.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know cuz it's the, it's the hernias like
Lyndsey Lorett: Couldn't just totally come out.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: But you can't tell me not to lift my son. I'm gonna do
Jocelyn Corrales: It. You know why.
Lyndsey Lorett: can't work. Work can't work with this giant open wound
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know, I like your son. He's very he's very cooperative situations. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm glad that I get to experience these moments.
Lyndsey Lorett: But at the same time. I've worked since I was 16 and
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm I'm used to that schedule.
And
Lyndsey Lorett: Just the feeling of productive news and doing something important in life. And I know I've been with my son is important, but
Lyndsey Lorett: I've never, I've never not worked. So it's thrown me off a little bit.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay. So, yeah, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: They're not young at all times, you know it's it's good that you are able to take care of your son. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think you have a valid reason you know they were they grow up, it's you know, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a lot harder. It's better to be able yeah it's eight it's better to, you know, see where that moment that you have built him you know he's only he's only a baby ones. No, it's not gonna repeat it again. So, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Memories you build up with him is going to be very vital for his growth and development actually not only physically but also emotional development.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because when I you know I going with when I do go back to work, how
Lyndsey Lorett: Is he going to handle not you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Not being with you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, but I think maybe I think by then he'll be a little bit older and they thought he would understand then. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried working home base or online.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I didn't like him.
To complete that
Jocelyn Corrales: You could actually try working. If you have a computer at home.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do
Jocelyn Corrales: Right, yeah. You could try applying. Like, for example, try doing you know like typing or, you know, chat support something like that or
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: They want like it. We have to pay you, and you need to give us your bank information and just like
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh really,
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I can look more into it. I would be nice.
Jocelyn Corrales: You can actually try looking out there actually different sites.
Jocelyn Corrales: job sites. And usually these job sites doesn't
Jocelyn Corrales: Usually they asked for your bank account, but make sure that
Jocelyn Corrales: That particular job site is a legitimate one, you can always check, you can always do a fact check for that particular site. If it's a legitimate limit legitimate one, are not
Jocelyn Corrales: Good actually try because if you're going to do, you know, like for example, you want to do surveys
Jocelyn Corrales: Surveys, you would like to enjoy a row and you have to get paid by doing service actually involves money. Sometimes they would ask you for money for you to be able to do surveys is sometimes I would think it's just like
Jocelyn Corrales: What's the. Why do I have to pay when you have to do surveys. Yeah, yeah. So
Jocelyn Corrales: At no
Jocelyn Corrales: Charge. Because sometimes those
Jocelyn Corrales: Something I don't know if we could see that that has come, but try to look for a an online online job site. Like, for example, free up
Jocelyn Corrales: Work free up up work or
Jocelyn Corrales: Online jobs.com, something like that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay cuz
Lyndsey Lorett: Income would be nice. I mean, he gets
Lyndsey Lorett: survivor benefits from his dad.
Lyndsey Lorett: His Dad was going to school finishing his degrees. So I was the breadwinner, and he didn't make very much and so his survivor benefits are very low.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's not enough for you and your son.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah. Well, he's taking care of it go, it goes to him.
Lyndsey Lorett: Baby
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to your mental health and you've mentioned to me that you're working out to be a
Jocelyn Corrales: Win right and it's in it's working out.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's been it
Lyndsey Lorett: I've done a lot of things with through the addiction and getting help, but there's a level with Gwen that I just haven't been able to reach with anyone else and
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm just ready to eat. I'm excited for, you know, even though it hurts.
Lyndsey Lorett: Good at the end.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually, it feels good to be clean.
It does.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I it's also good if you work out with a therapist that is compatible, really you someone who would not judge you for who you are, you know, and would understand your situation and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Like a friend who would tell you that. No, you're doing this wrong, and would tell you honestly that you're not doing it right or you should do this. You should do that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, she's why I have a really hard time saying no, like, I just it like will come out.
Jocelyn Corrales: We're
Lyndsey Lorett: Working on being able to say no.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, yes, try to work out saying know if you think you're not able to, like, you know, it's not bad to say no at times. So that's also one of your problem saying always saying yes to everyone.
Lyndsey Lorett: Just always be just not rocking the boat at all. I don't like conflict, it
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't want to complicate things
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, and
Lyndsey Lorett: A lot of things are not said in in our house.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because
It just
Lyndsey Lorett: The argument goes so quickly like
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know how you. I know, I know know how you feel when you mentioned to me that you're leaving with your in laws and it's a different family, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Is your family still present your, your, your biological parents
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah. Have you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried living with your own parents
Lyndsey Lorett: So, the situation is
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: I have a daughter a 10 year old daughter and
Lyndsey Lorett: I was a single mom for
Lyndsey Lorett: Eight years we lived with my parents saving money to buy a home. Um, I got my identity stolen and
Lyndsey Lorett: All the money I worked so hard for and saved was just gone.
Lyndsey Lorett: Golden. Yes. And, um, so it was like starting over for us. And then when I met my husband.
Lyndsey Lorett: It was the first guy I brought into her life.
Lyndsey Lorett: I didn't date, very much. She was my main focus
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. So we moved in together. And she was living with us. And when he passed away. It was in the middle of the school year, and she had just started at a new school and I just didn't want to pull her out of that environment and she a really special bond with my parents.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just a difficult situation, it's
Lyndsey Lorett: My, my in laws don't want me taking my son to Farmington and my parents don't want
I want your parents.
Lyndsey Lorett: They don't
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you're torn in between because if
Jocelyn Corrales: You're unless
Jocelyn Corrales: You're a list doesn't want you to bring their grandchildren to your family's house and your family doesn't want you to bring your daughter in the same house with your a loss. So is your daughter with you right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: She's in Farmington. So I go back
Oh,
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I'm, what I'm still very much involved in her life.
Jocelyn Corrales: That she could
Lyndsey Lorett: Just like everything to me and hurts that we're not together all the time.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could try doing zoom with her.
Lyndsey Lorett: We do, we do mess.
Jocelyn Corrales: Facebook Messenger.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, yes, we can do messenger. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: For a walk every day we
Lyndsey Lorett: Do our
Lyndsey Lorett: Our conversations and we have fun along and then I'm when I have a couple of days. I go and stay and and that time together. That's good. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just hanging out in there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yep. I know, I know you can do it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well,
Lyndsey Lorett: They don't want me bringing Sophie.
Lyndsey Lorett: Into the situation until I've had surgery. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I know and and it might also, it might also scare or, you know, stress to your daughter. Seeing you having a hard time
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. And because they she hasn't spent very much time with all over
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean, the first three months she did, she was living with us. But since then, and I'm worried that she's
Lyndsey Lorett: Going to be jealous or
Lyndsey Lorett: He requires so much attention and she's had me all to herself for 10 years
Jocelyn Corrales: And I know she's already you know she's already 10 years old and I think she would understand if you would tell her you know tried to talk to her.
Jocelyn Corrales: About your situation so that she would understand so she would not be angry or, you know, have some bitter feelings about unit taking here taking care of her. Currently I guess she know about your medical situation.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's I think she understands and he always let her know and let her understand that, you know, you could not always be there for although you wanted to go to her physically but
Jocelyn Corrales: At least you can do that at times, but try to be, you know, distance as you have mentioned, you always communicate with her through messenger video and that's that's a good thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a good way of connecting even if you're not physically there.
Jocelyn Corrales: She would feel that you really care for her because you you're in constant communication with her.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. So we'd be good to you have mentioned that you you are I think I know what you have been thinking that's why you're not able to sleep well. So
Jocelyn Corrales: What methods. Have you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: To be able to clear your mind.
Lyndsey Lorett: You're gonna laugh at me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so, um, I take transit own at night sleeping aid.
Lyndsey Lorett: And if I
Lyndsey Lorett: Have been trying to go to sleep, and I can't. Um, I watched Dr. Pimple copper
Lyndsey Lorett: Because it just, it's like nothing, and it just
Jocelyn Corrales: Takes it takes
Jocelyn Corrales: It takes your mind away from from everything
Lyndsey Lorett: It's disgusting. Sometimes, but
Lyndsey Lorett: You know it.
Lyndsey Lorett: It just helps
Jocelyn Corrales: It my words.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried reading a book or you're not into reading
Lyndsey Lorett: Um no I I am into reading. Um, but I'm having
Lyndsey Lorett: Like some memory issues.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because we're in lockdown basically
Lyndsey Lorett: We're watching a lot of TV a lot of
Lyndsey Lorett: Consistent nose and like my brain is overloaded on information like I can't remember what happened last week and then they might think I'm crazy. So adding another thing in there is just difficult
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't think it's good watching too much TV, but maybe you can try the routine to another activities, instead of watching too much TV, maybe you could try if you're into reading before and you're you like reading
Jocelyn Corrales: You could try reading instead
Jocelyn Corrales: You could try reading instead of watching you know sometimes when you watch a lot of TV, it's actually sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: Stressful or something like you feel heavy afterwards, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Just sitting all day watching TV.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean, I love a good movie. Every once in a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: But, but
Jocelyn Corrales: All we need to hold me
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, but they my my in laws are older and they they love their TV shows.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's fine. Let them have their TV shows, but you know your condition with them is different.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'll put that put that
Jocelyn Corrales: So you watch together. We're in Los
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Well, that's like our main
Lyndsey Lorett: Area in the house where my son has all of his toys and so I am there with them and watching him and playing with him and
Lyndsey Lorett: My bedroom.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's not really safe for him.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm, you know, we moved in, so quickly.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's just not he's he'll get her in there.
Lyndsey Lorett: So we play in the living room and when it's nice outside. We always go for walks or I he loves playing in the grass and with the rocks and he's learning, but we've had really bad weather lately.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. So you're not able to do some walking
Lyndsey Lorett: No, and I think it's so important.
To get that
Jocelyn Corrales: So we when when you are walking. It's, it's, it's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's not it's not
Jocelyn Corrales: A rigorous or extensive type of walking
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's just, you know, walk around like a 30 minute walk with
Lyndsey Lorett: Looking beings and talking and point things out to him and
Lyndsey Lorett: It's not like we're power walking things
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: What exercise. Are you allowed to do
Lyndsey Lorett: I am not supposed to do anything. I know you're supposed to vacuum, but
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh my images, they don't like to clean and
Lyndsey Lorett: My son is crawling. And so, and they have like so many animals and there's so much hair.
Jocelyn Corrales: But when you vacuum. It's not stressful to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wow, it's painful also
Lyndsey Lorett: Their, their vacuum is from like probably the 1950s.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh wait, that's very heavy
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, so I have just sweep first and then back you
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's a good idea. Then vacuum, you know, just vacuum. The important portion that needs to be vacuum, like, you know, for example, if you have carpets or the sofa just vacuum those areas and you know for the floor, you can just
Jocelyn Corrales: sweep and mop the floor. There's no need to vacuum it yeah it's
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It because if you're telling me that it's, you know, a 1950s vacuum. I think
Lyndsey Lorett: I go
Lyndsey Lorett: Heavy
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I guess it's. I know, I know. It's very heavy and it's going to be very stressful for you physically because as you have mentioned, you're not allowed to do some
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I began this acting
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, but but but doing but sweeping the floor is fine.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I just didn't take a couple hours and clean the house one week.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I hurt for a couple days after my pain level goes up, and I have to take
Lyndsey Lorett: More ibuprofen. Um, but
Lyndsey Lorett: It's doable and it makes me feel better that he's not gonna choke on a bunch of hair.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hahaha okay so you do cleaning you do cleaning up the house once a week.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. And how many hours. Would you do that in a day.
Lyndsey Lorett: To clean the house. It usually takes about three or four hours.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you mean about three to four hours.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's really dirty, it's dirty.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried you know because you just mentioned in the end. That's also very stressful. If you're going to clean the house for the whole three to four, eight, please, four hours. That's very long. Have you tried cleaning it on a
Jocelyn Corrales: On an installment basis. Like, for example, you do this portion. Like, for example, the living room. You do that for today.
Jocelyn Corrales: Then the other areas for tomorrow. So instead of working out for the whole street four hours, you're going to clean it for just maybe 30 minutes to one art and the next day you do another portion again.
Jocelyn Corrales: So they don't get
Lyndsey Lorett: Wrapped all over. If you don't get all the hair like
Lyndsey Lorett: in random places and do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's resonating
Lyndsey Lorett: For me, because my in laws, go to my doctor's appointments and they know that I'm not supposed to push it back to them.
Lyndsey Lorett: But then they don't do it. And I can't stand, not having it done.
Jocelyn Corrales: What pets. Do they have. Do they have cats.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because they're over
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, they have.
Lyndsey Lorett: Australian Shepherd. I think it's
Lyndsey Lorett: A lot. Yeah, the dogs got a lot of hair.
Jocelyn Corrales: And then
Lyndsey Lorett: There's about four or five cats that come and go.
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Bear.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, and go, I didn't have animals growing up, so it's it's a
Lyndsey Lorett: Huge change for me, but I'm trying
Lyndsey Lorett: I am try my brother in law does help me clean
Lyndsey Lorett: When when he's there and and not working. He helps a lot.
Lyndsey Lorett: He does a lot to help me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your brother in law's stays in your in laws house or he just visits that
Lyndsey Lorett: He stays in the house. He's got some he's got some
Lyndsey Lorett: Issues like really, really bad OCD.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's why he he also queens.
Lyndsey Lorett: He cleans, but he cleans random things not like
Lyndsey Lorett: So, um, he is just he's always lived at home.
Mm hmm.
Lyndsey Lorett: Him. He's never had a girlfriend um it, I don't know, it's, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least he's helping a times
Lyndsey Lorett: And that's go he is a lifesaver for sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: But he works.
Jocelyn Corrales: He does. Do you work outside
Lyndsey Lorett: He does, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so maybe I will do will include in the planning later we Biggers to other activities that we could do. So let's go back to our
Jocelyn Corrales: Topic. So with regards to your mental health. You mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: You're working with Gwen and you have been watching you know Dr. Pimple to help the bird your attention and
Jocelyn Corrales: It actually sometimes help that all the time, but it does help. They read your attention. Yeah. And maybe we could include instead of watching too much TV. Why not try reading. Have you tried a
Jocelyn Corrales: A scribbling or drawing
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, um, I read was all over. I, I read with my son, and we color.
Lyndsey Lorett: But no, I haven't. I've been trying
Jocelyn Corrales: So yeah, because there are some will have a hobby, like, you know, drawing, painting what. What are your hobbies, when you were younger.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, you know what I'm really not good at art, art stuff I it's just not
Jocelyn Corrales: You tried, but
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Um, my hobbies. When I was younger I just I played outside a lot a lot of
Lyndsey Lorett: Outside activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sports
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, yeah. We did a little swimming and a little bit of tennis.
Jocelyn Corrales: We can do that now.
Lyndsey Lorett: Do what
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm tennis. Yeah, I know.
Lyndsey Lorett: I can't even get in. I can't take a bath.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I know.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right. They took away the one thing that I love so much.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: We'll wait out for the third surgery one step and damage is over and
Jocelyn Corrales: I hope it goes well for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: were praying that
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I'm praying. It goes out though for you and
Lyndsey Lorett: I am really worried about it though, because I obviously had multiple surgeries and I you know I know what to expect.
Lyndsey Lorett: But they're doing a full abdominal reconstructive surgery.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it's supposed to be like a 12 to 18 hour surgery.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I'm just, I'm, I'm really scared. I've had so much go wrong with this.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's a big anxiety for
Me.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you're always worried about
Jocelyn Corrales: You're always we're thinking about the surgery of what would probably happen.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, and I know it's such a bad thing to think
Lyndsey Lorett: That things about it because then they might country I know that that that's important and true and I don't know how to shift that mindset. Great.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually, I couldn't blame you. Because the truth is, there is really a possibility of that going to happen. But, you know, the positive about it is that
Jocelyn Corrales: There's a big policy about possibility of food recovery. So
Jocelyn Corrales: Instead of thinking about the negative because in every situation that we have, you know, especially during surgery. There's, there are bad things and they're also good things, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: There are so many thoughts about that, you know, you can think about so many bad things about it. But try thinking about the good things about it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Check your doctor. Yes, trust your doctors. I know you trust your doctors
Jocelyn Corrales: A deal. And I know you give your 100%
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, in them that they're going to take care of you and that you're going to be better. After that, I think they have assured you
Jocelyn Corrales: That you will recover, although not
Lyndsey Lorett: Well they say they did nothing to expect one or two things.
Lyndsey Lorett: To go wrong.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because in surgery.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, but I know it'll be taken care of.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I know. Yes. This included in the race. You know, that's a possibility. That's true. That's why I told you there are also possible negative things, but try to think about it positively of what it would contribute if you're if you know it would be successful. You know, you
Jocelyn Corrales: Would say, yeah, yeah, we would we would. Let's say it's 100% but you know when when we at least. Yeah, you could get back to your life, you could, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Normally
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a good thing. That's what possibly
Lyndsey Lorett: Everything. Yeah. Yeah, it does.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you'll be able to take care of your son.
Jocelyn Corrales: The one my wanted
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you could do running, you could do running with him, something like that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, he's a he's on the move all the time.
Lyndsey Lorett: He's a workout in itself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so just try to look forward on things that you could do for your son and for your daughter. Yeah, because
Jocelyn Corrales: I tried to think of the positive things instead of the negative things because the more you negative. It's like
Jocelyn Corrales: The more negative, you are, the more you attract negative energy and the more you think about it, the more you become anxious. Why, why not try to be positive about it. It's like
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I trust my doctor. I'm going to be better and I look forward to that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Future that I'm going to be well and then going to take care of my son, the way I wanted it to be. I want my life back. I want to be able to go back to work. I want to go to my daughter and see her from time to time instead of talking to her through messenger so
Lyndsey Lorett: When I'm better when we will move into our own place and be together my in laws. Not like that, but I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I need
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's better. It's
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's better to do that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's just they won't let me even take him out of town, how are they gonna let me flip them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know and I know you can, you can, at this moment, you can do is because of your condition. And I understand that that's why I'm telling you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just hang hang in there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, this this Hangout.
Lyndsey Lorett: making it work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Make sure that you fully recovered was you're fully recovered.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You can hide my back.
Lyndsey Lorett: I want to make sure that there's no reason that they could
Lyndsey Lorett: Like file for custody or
Something
Lyndsey Lorett: Not that I think I mean I, they might do that. But, um, I haven't done anything that would, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah, just look forward to that feature that you're, you know, you're going to take care of your own family.
Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: In the back of my mind I just keep thinking that when I when I got pregnant with Ali.
Lyndsey Lorett: Quit my, my husband, he said.
Lyndsey Lorett: You'll never have to be single moment. Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
And
Lyndsey Lorett: Having him just having a partner.
Lyndsey Lorett: In this, it was just an amazing experience. And now I'm back.
Lyndsey Lorett: Now I'm a single mom of two
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay, you can get through it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, yesterday, once you get back on track.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe not. Now, maybe not. Now, because of your current condition. And I understand that, but you know, you might be more stronger when you're, you're back on track.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and I believe that
Lyndsey Lorett: I know you're I know you're a strong person.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I believe that you will be able to get the things that you wanted to achieve in the future.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. So with regards to your spiritual self, could you say that you are
Jocelyn Corrales: Spiritual like Are you religious are you
Lyndsey Lorett: I am Christian, but my in laws are Mormon.
Lyndsey Lorett: So there's been yeah um they tried to get missionaries to give me lessons and and so I'm and while I think some of it could be true.
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: Just don't it's not. Not for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: But, but you believe in God and Jesus cry.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know you pray a lot
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried attending to church when the, when before the pandemic were able to go to church.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, there were, there's only one Christian church in the town. I live in. Um, so it's nice, it's, there's a lot of older people, but, um, it's a good strong group.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, they can be helpful, especially if they know about your situation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: But maybe because of the current situation. Now, it's very difficult to go to church.
Lyndsey Lorett: It is
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm not going to risk it. I am very immune system.
I
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you
Jocelyn Corrales: Do they have
Jocelyn Corrales: This your church there because you mentioned that you attend church there when the before depend me. Yes. And you mentioned you pray a lot and you know the people at church right
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, they do.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have online worship service.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, we are doing online. I watched Wednesday evenings and
Lyndsey Lorett: Mornings, yes, it's totally different, um, but I'm still getting the
Lyndsey Lorett: The peacefulness that you get going. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I tend to online worship every Wednesday.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Lyndsey Lorett: Fridays and Sundays and I'm I when I'm in when I'm in Farmington visiting my daughter, the church. I used to go to. They have a very strong recovery group.
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I've been going for about five years.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it it it helped it's it was it, but I can't. It's not feasible right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: But before the pandemic. Were you able to go there still
Lyndsey Lorett: I was able to go there when I was there.
Lyndsey Lorett: But in
Lyndsey Lorett: The town that I live in. They don't have anything like that. I've tried going to the NHS and that is your most of his court ordered and no one wants to be there and they're not
Lyndsey Lorett: Really trying, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Like yeah I know when it's a court order. You know when it's a court order group. It's like
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you're attending the group, but most of the people you see there were, were against their will to join that group. Not like that group that you
Jocelyn Corrales: You went to because you willingly wanted to change. So you joined the tube sites or something like that. That's your that's the recovery group in your hometown have an online access or do they do online sessions.
Lyndsey Lorett: They're not doing online sessions.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's
Lyndsey Lorett: I think that they're working on it, but they're not
Jocelyn Corrales: You could try to update with your family, just in case, because of the current because of the current pandemics. If we should they might have an online, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: A group.
Lyndsey Lorett: Pretty close with the people in the group. So I would know. But they were struggling with
Lyndsey Lorett: How to get that going.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and with regards to your financial
Jocelyn Corrales: Financial with regards to income.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still, you're still on a support.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I've never had to be on on government help
Lyndsey Lorett: But right now we get survivor benefits and food stamps and
Jocelyn Corrales: We
Lyndsey Lorett: You know, our basic needs are getting covered
Lyndsey Lorett: And then I'm I'm because of all of the physical stuff I've been through we're going through a $5 million lawsuit.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, because of the medical situation that you had
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you are receiving a financial support via survivor benefits.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you didn't. And you didn't have a disability.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or any government support like the DC but disability claims.
Lyndsey Lorett: They won't do short term disability, they'll only do long term.
Lyndsey Lorett: Every time I've reached out to. It's such a long process.
Lyndsey Lorett: To get, you know, and they, I didn't know it was going to be this long. I don't know how long that'll still be
Lyndsey Lorett: But if they only do long term disability.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Lyndsey Lorett: Which is sad because there's a lot of people have situations.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Yeah, I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you the one who does the budgeting for your finances are you the one who
Jocelyn Corrales: Although you need video or in Los do you provide for your own needs budgeting and responsible for paying the bills. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I take care of my needs and Oliver's needs and um
Lyndsey Lorett: And and Sophie's needs to I get groceries for her too.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I'm doing doing as much as I can.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you manage your own bill and your needs.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Daughter missing your son. Also, the famous writer.
Lyndsey Lorett: She when we video chat, she show is, you know, he gives the phone kisses and stuff. It's we
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And. Does she love her brother.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know that yet.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's fine. But you can see that, you know, she's happy when she sees her baby brother.
Lyndsey Lorett: Went. Yes. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think in your current situation, she would understand, although it would be very hard for her and know knowing that
Jocelyn Corrales: She's not with her brother, and she snapped with you. Sometimes I think you you know it's true that she could feel, you know, a little jealousy, but I think she knows your situation, you would understand the current situation.
Lyndsey Lorett: I've talked to her because I know a couple of times. She said that she felt like I chose all over, over her.
Lyndsey Lorett: But it wasn't an option for me to stay with my parents with the
Baby
Lyndsey Lorett: So I did what I, you know, the only thing I could do,
Jocelyn Corrales: Okey.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okey, so I have written here what works for you and included also because based on our conversation. I've also identified what seems to be not working with you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to spiritual self you don't have any problems with your. Yes, and I think you're praying. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you're good.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's very important to me.
Jocelyn Corrales: To maybe just the social relationship may be with your in laws.
Lyndsey Lorett: That I struggle.
Lyndsey Lorett: With. Yes. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your daughter not physically with you.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: And with the pandemic seeing her
Lyndsey Lorett: It because we are the hot spot now.
Lyndsey Lorett: To go there, where there's not a
Lot.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's yeah so
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not allowed to
Jocelyn Corrales: Transfer I go to that area because of the yeah
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know because of that particular lockdown or condition also
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're not allowed to leave your area.
Lyndsey Lorett: No one here is following the rules.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh my goodness.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I know, I heard and they use you know it by about I think it's better dare in New Mexico.
Jocelyn Corrales: Than any other state.
Lyndsey Lorett: Do you think it's better here.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's better. And they're done in Texas.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, that's
Jocelyn Corrales: I know you're watching TV, you haven't heard about what happened in Texas.
Lyndsey Lorett: Not will see the thing is, is we're, what we're getting our roof done. And so our cable cable has gone out.
Lyndsey Lorett: All of his stuff saved on the DVR. And there's only one radio station that does a brief overview of
Lyndsey Lorett: What's happening in
Lyndsey Lorett: Mexico. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But oh access online right
Lyndsey Lorett: I right. It's not going through, like CBS
Lyndsey Lorett: Evening News I not being able to connect to it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh really, but but you can connect to the internet via zoom, but to other. Oh really.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, it's the news just won't play. It's like just frozen.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's weird.
I know
Jocelyn Corrales: So we progress to financial what's not working out for you. You want to work.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do want to work for a lot of reasons, but for financial yes and particularly the financial part is
Lyndsey Lorett: My brother in law.
Lyndsey Lorett: really likes to get all of her stuff I buy it all at once.
Lyndsey Lorett: For the month. Um, and when I allow him to go he gets like the most sticks, but not that I don't want him to have the best stuff. But listen, laundry. So a bottle address 20 bucks and you could get one for 10 so we
Lyndsey Lorett: Were with it. I actually, I said no.
Lyndsey Lorett: The first times I said no.
Jocelyn Corrales: I thought your brother in law is working.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, working but I take care of Oliver's needs.
Lyndsey Lorett: So he likes for me to give him the money to go get over stuff.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I'm not okay with that I
Jocelyn Corrales: Also, your brother in law. He's also is trying to give you money so that you could also buy your son stuff, something like that.
Lyndsey Lorett: No. No, he doesn't pay for anything for all over. I, I paid for it. Oh, he'll say, yeah, yeah. I'm going to go the store. Can you give me 200 bucks so I can get is shampoo and toothpaste.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's like he's offering his services that he's the one who's going to buy your son stuff, something like that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: So have
Jocelyn Corrales: But he's taking your son's food or, you know, stuff at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, let's replace it.
Jocelyn Corrales: It is a tried to replace it or replenish the stuff that he takes from you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know, I think, I think my just my biggest issue is, is
Lyndsey Lorett: Is I am responsible for him, financially, so I would like to buy
Lyndsey Lorett: Mm hmm. So that I feel secure because
Lyndsey Lorett: When he's not even close to out of something drew start is OCD kicks in.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it's like we need new diapers and we need them now and
Lyndsey Lorett: It's like, no, we're on a budget and we have to wait.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what you've mentioned to me wake up early at 8am to 830
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's a good time to wake up. It's not bad at all. I don't think it's late still early
Jocelyn Corrales: When you consider yeah what I consider late is when you wake up at around 1110 or 11 in the morning, that's legal already
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't think I've ever slept that long.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah because yeah because of anxiety that you have mentioned.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what I said just for the meal times
Jocelyn Corrales: You only eat two meals in a day.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Due to her due to your condition.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what I say, just as although you're taking shakes already try to
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat one more in between because you have, I think your doctors also concerned about your weight and you need a lot. I think what why he wants you to take a lot of protein because they're planning.
Jocelyn Corrales: To do surgery on you. That's also part of, you know, it's a very vital, it's very vital for your recovery.
Jocelyn Corrales: And healing. That's why you need a lot of protein.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so I think, try to you know I don't eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: A full glass when you do your meal in the morning. Is it a full glass.
Lyndsey Lorett: It is I blend it up with like the spinach and the fruit and stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: So just to try to increase your meal in a day because he only take twice, once in the morning. Once in the evening in
Jocelyn Corrales: In between the day you know you also mentioned you feel hungry. Why, let's try a piece he eat half of his eat half of that meal in a day in in the day. And do you do you rest in the middle of the day. Like, for example, in the afternoon late afternoon or around one o'clock.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I have, I have a little boy. There's no resting
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, he doesn't take naps.
Lyndsey Lorett: Though he does, but I usually hold him while he's taking a nap.
Jocelyn Corrales: Weymouth you taken up together with him.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, I'm like in my bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, or, yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: We could. I guess we could try that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have. Have you tried before taking a nap. Would it be better if you take, you know, half of the half glass shake before just before you take a nap so that
Jocelyn Corrales: When your son naps and when you're taking arrest. Also, you would feel that much pain.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, he's tried right
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah I why I wait to eat till dinner is because I laid down and it doesn't hurt as bad.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I was taking a nap with him if I could eat and rest and not be a
Jocelyn Corrales: Nice. Yes, because you're not doing because you would be
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to feel it when you're doing
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, my phone. My phone is overheating.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: So sorry. It's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: We'll just I'll put that in the plan, and I'll send you a copy. But my plan for you is just that more of the meals.
Jocelyn Corrales: And continue on your online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Online Service with
Lyndsey Lorett: The church. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I have identified and I'll just email you or message you
Jocelyn Corrales: Have our blends. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right, thank you so much.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you, Lynn, say, have a great day.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh you so
Jocelyn Corrales: What does great talking to you.